Add new rule `builtin-component-arguments` (#1465)
ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint: docs/rule/builtin-component-arguments.md

# builtin-component-arguments

The builtin `Input` component has several arguments that match attributes
of the lower-case `input` HTML element. These arguments should be set via e.g.
`@type`, instead of `type`, but it is easy to forget and can cause subtle
issues.

> This rule warns about `Input` component invocations that use `type`, `value` or
> `checked` attributes, instead of arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule warns about `Input` component invocations that use the following attributes instead of arguments:

* `checked`
* `type`
* `value`
```
